OVERVIEW:
This Scheduling Application is designed to allow users to view and manage customer and appointment
information from the company database in one easy-to-use interface. The application is designed
for a company with offices located in Denver, Montreal, and London, and allows for all appointment
information to be displayed and altered using the current user's time zone and a specified office
when adding or updating appointments. This application was created using Java 11, JavaFX 13,
SceneBuilder, IntelliJ, and Maven.

GETTING STARTED:
First, download the application files and unzip them. Next, open the unzipped folder using your
Java IDE that supports Maven, and allow Maven to import all of the required dependencies. Finally,
compile and run the application.

LOGIN AND MAIN SCREEN:
Running the application will bring you to the Login Screen, where the username is "admin" (without
quotations), and the password is "admin" (also without quotations). Logging in will bring you to the
Main Screen where customer and appointment information is displayed in two tables. The column labeled
"Office" in the appointments table refers to the office handling that particular appointment, and the
column labeled "Contact Name" refers to the company employee that will be meeting with the customer.
Customer information may be searched using the TextField above the the customers table, and
appointments may be searched by the TextField and/or the ComboBoxes that can filter appointments by
month and week. The "LOG OUT" button in the bottom right of the screen will navigate you back to the
Login screen, and the "EXIT" button will close the application.

ADD, UPDATE, AND DELETE:
Customers and appointments can be added, updated, or deleted within the database by using the
buttons beneath each table. To update an item, first select that item in the table, and then click
the "UPDATE" button. The deletion of a customer will also delete all of that customer's appointments
within the database. The "ADD" and "UPDATE" buttons will navigate you to new screens where
information can be input via TextFields and ComboBoxes. The selection of "Office" when adding or
updating an appointment will allow the conversion of the appointment start and end date/time to
that particular office's timezone. The application will not allow the creation of appointments that
would conflict with the specified office's regular business hours (8:00am - 10:00pm), or if it would
overlap with an already existing appointment for that customer or contact. IMPORTANT: all time
should be entered in 24-hour military time (ie. 1:00am == 13:00), and should always be entered in
the user's local time, NOT the selected office's local time. Changes can be saved by clicking the
"SAVE" button, and both the "SAVE" and "CANCEL" buttons will bring you back to the Main Screen.

REPORTS:
From the Main Screen you can also click on the the "REPORTS" button in the bottom left corner to
navigate to the Reports screen. Here, you can use ComboBoxes to see how many customer reside in each
country and/or division within that country. You can also view a stacked barchart graph of all
appointments within a given year separated by their appointment type. You can further filter this
graph by selecting any combination of year, office, and/or contact. The "BACK" button at the bottom
of this screen will navigate you back to the Main Screen.
